#### 2024-11-12 | Figma | Software Engineer Intern
I'm a big fan of products that facilitate collaboration, especially if they do it in a novel and engaging way. I especially like the FigJam tool; I've used various tools over the years, and nothing is quite like it, enabling collaboration in real-time designing process maps, aesthetically pleasing schedules, and just generally enhancing team communication with elegant visuals. I want to join Figma so I can support the further development of these tools.

#### 2024-12-02 | NetAcquire Corporation | Linux Software Developer
I'm a Computer Science student and programmer with a keen interest in Linux. I use Ubuntu and Gentoo on my daily machines, and I'm currently learning Linux kernel development through The Linux Foundation. I'm also taking a course on building a kernel from scratch. I love working with C/C++, being close to hardware, and I'm actively looking for a chance to work with Linux as a career. Thanks!

#### 2024-12-22 | Palantir | Software Engineer
What's most exciting to you about Palantir's offerings and why do you want to work here?

Looking at the long list of Palantir offerings, the section on _Semiconductors_ caught my eye. I read the white paper and was very intrigued. I have a keen interest in all things pertaining to the fundamental components of technology: ASML's one-of-a-kind EUV lithography, the bottlenecks that define the semiconductor supply chain, the physical laws that seem to stand in the way of our aim to further miniaturize integrated circuits, and the reality that there is always some number of dies on a completed silicon wafer that are unviable. I'm fascinated by these topics for two reasons: they are critical to the functioning of the modern world, and they are intellectually satisfying to study and learn about. The fact that Palantir addresses these issues, i.e. chip yield, from the software and data side is novel and exciting. I can only imagine how much valuable data has often been lost in the semiconductor manufacturing business. Deploying Foundry along with the Athinia ecosystem to help harness this data is an effort I'd like to join.

If you could solve any problem that impacts your daily life, what would it be and how would you solve it?

Over the last couple years, I've begun to realize that not only do I have a poor awareness of portion when eating meals, I also don't have much of a reliable sensation for when I've eaten my fill. In search of solutions to this problem, I began to counts calories with the help of an iOS app and a gram scale. The results revolutionized my understanding and made it much easier for me to maintain healthy eating habits. I quickly learned that having a strict calorie-tracking system is a requirement for me. The problem is, I'm often in situations where keeping an accurate log is impractical or impertinent; I can't weigh my dinner on a gram scale while eating at a restaurant. I began to imagine a solution that involved taking a photo of a dinner plate and feeding that photo into a computer vision model that would segment the image according to the discrete types of food on the plate and approximate their quantities. Exploring this idea online, I quickly found several papers that validated what I imagined. There were implementations ranging from capturing a point cloud to using a reference object for scale and then approximating the magnitude of the y-axis from the x and z-axis values, i.e. a 2-inch square pile of rice is probably not 5 inches high (unless perhaps it is very sticky rice, but I digress). The latter was closest to my own idea, which involved using one's thumb as the reference object for scale. As an additional development, this software could be deployed on a smartwatch with a camera for added discretion.

Tell us one thing that's not on your resume that you're proud of.

I'm proud of my deep interest in western Philosophy, which has led me to explore numerous seminal texts that underpin the ideas we often take for granted in society. I have a strong desire to understand the origins of things. For example, when I learned that Nietzsche's thought precipitated much of modern psychology, I dug into his works. Seeking to understand the topic of Phenomenology, I read Being and Time by Martin Heidegger. Recently, I got into Schopenhauer's The World as Will and Representation. Of course, I've brushed up on the classics such as Plato's dialogues as well. My interest has always been solely motivated by curiosity; I've never pursued philosophy academically, but it will always be with me. I think this interest speaks to my curious, investigative, and analytical nature.

At Palantir we have two main Software Engineering roles: Forward Deployed Software Engineer and Software Engineer. Which of these roles resonates the most with your job search and why?

The Software Engineer role resonates the most. As I understand it, this role is more focused on the engineering elements of the work at Palantir whereas the Forward Deployed Software Engineer is perhaps slightly more generalized, focused not only on development, but on customer-facing tasks and bigger picture elements. I find that I do well with single, highly focused tasks like the sort you find in traditional development roles. I am capable of being flexible: it's just that my best work seems to always emerge when I'm "stuck in" to a problem, so to speak, giving it my undivided attention. It seems to me that the Software Engineer position is a better fit for the traits I've described.  
